# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?

This week I think I have really gained a better grasp about the fundamentals and the base level of coding using html and css. I obviously used these programs before the course when doing the pre-course work but actually sitting down and grinding through the process I feel much more confident in how to mock up and then build out a basic website. It may not have functionality yet but I feel confident in my understanding of what html and css do and how I can manipulate them. That being said I do feel like i have just scratched the surface of what is out there and the possibilities of what I can do with the two forms.

- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?

Learning about Figma was a huge help for me. That and bootstrap combined really helped me to understand how you can go from a simple blank page to something that can be framed out and then filled in. It is awesome to see how far we have brought this technology and I am so grateful for the people who have put in the work to make it so much easier for me.

- What are you struggling with?

Manipulation of bootstrap, specifically how to bring things from the top of a column down to the center is actually a big struggle for me. It makes me laugh but that is probably the most specific thing that gives me trouble. I then found out that bootstrap actually disables the "align items" function when you are trying to manipulate objects. There may be another way that they do it but for now I have simply switched these situations to a d-flex and that seems to help.

- What would you count as a victory?

I think this checkpoint has already been a victory in itself because I am not looking at a screen and having no idea how to go about creating something. Instead I feel I actually planned it out, started with the bare bones containers, rows and columns and then filled in the content and the path has been very satisfying.
