# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is open-format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week or some of the things that you are still struggling with; identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally reflect on how you are feeling at this point in the course.


## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn that was a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?


This week was a really good one. I feel like working on the capstone on such an amazing team was really helpful in getting a feel for what a team structure might look like in the work place. It was awesome working with such amazing coders. Our project turned out great and I believe that all of us were really happy with it. 

I did get a feeling that I may have lagged behind the others in my abilities and may need to brush up on a few concepts. I also noticed that being the scrum master and helping to make sure everyone was taking breaks and maintaining a sense of sanity while working on the project was actually a lot of fun. I've been told by a couple of my peers outside of codeworks that they could see me being either the person on the team who helps communicate the ideas between a project and the dev team or being a lead on a team who helps to keep a team moving and stay organized and I think this week really helped me see that as a strength.

It was awesome work this week and I am excited about the projects to come. I feel i may need to brush up on backend and using postman as it has been a minute and I found myself working a lot on the front end this project.